Prepare DDL docs for GA (#14648)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/linux/index.md

---

> description: Getting Started

Reviewer: I can't leave a comment on images, so leaving a comment here;

- The `prefs.png` image has the `DockerCon 2022` menu item; which will be gone next week; can we create a screenshot without that menu item (so that we don't have to update the screenshot after next week)?
- The `changelog-placeholder.png` appears to be unused (unless I overlooked); can we remove it before it's merged?
- Same for `subscription-terms.png`
- Same for the `hello-world-nginx.png` image
- Some of the screenshots appear to be identical (or _very close_ to the "for mac" and/or "for windows" (for example, the "diagnostics" screenshot is _very_ similar  to https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/images/diagnose-support.png. This is of course the intent, and I was wondering if we should use the same images here (link to the existing ones)

keywords: linux, tutorial, run, docker, local, machine

> redirect_from:
> - /docker-for-linux

Reviewer: I don't think we had a page at this URL before, so this can be removed;

```suggestion
```

keywords: linux, tutorial, run, docker, local, machine
redirect_from:
- /docker-for-linux
title: Docker Desktop for Linux user manual
---

Welcome to the Docker Desktop for Linux (Beta). The Beta program is aimed at early adopters who would like to try Docker Desktop for Linux and provide feedback.
Welcome to Docker Desktop! The Docker Desktop for Linux user manual provides information on how to configure and manage your Docker Desktop settings.

> Docker Desktop is an easy-to-install application that enables you to build and

Reviewer 2: Will this be the main page people find when they google for Docker Desktop for Linux? If so, maybe we should keep some of the blurb ("Docker Desktop is an easy-to-install application that enables you to build and share containerized applications and microservices") so that people know what it is.

to the list. Otherwise you may get `Mounts denied` or `cannot start service` errors at runtime.

File share settings are:

- **Add a Directory**: Click `+` and navigate to the directory you want to add.

- **Remove a Directory**: Click `-` next to the directory you want to remove

- **Apply & Restart** makes the directory available to containers using Docker's
  bind mount (`-v`) feature.

> Tips on shared folders, permissions, and volume mounts
>
 * Share only the directories that you need with the container. File sharing
 introduces overhead as any changes to the files on the host need to be notified
 to the Linux VM. Sharing too many files can lead to high CPU load and slow
 filesystem performance.
>
 * Shared folders are designed to allow application code to be edited 
 on the host while being executed in containers. For non-code items
 such as cache directories or databases, the performance will be much 
 better if they are stored in the Linux VM, using a [data volume](../../storage/volumes.md)
 (named volume) or [data container](../../storage/volumes.md).

#### Proxies

> Docker Desktop detects HTTP/HTTPS Proxy Settings and automatically
> propagates these to Docker. For example, if you set your
> proxy settings to `http://proxy.example.com`, Docker uses this proxy when
> pulling containers.
> 
> If you want to configure proxies manually, turn on the **Manual proxy configuration** setting.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure HTTP proxies, switch on the **Manual proxy configuration** setting.
```
I don't think Linux has the ability to detect proxy settings yet.

Your proxy settings, however, will not be propagated into the containers you start.
If you wish to set the proxy settings for your containers, you need to define
environment variables for them, just like you would do on Linux, for example:

```console
$ docker run -e HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:3128 alpine env

PATH=/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin
HOSTNAME=b7edf988b2b5
TERM=xterm
HOME=/root
HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:3128
```

For more information on setting environment variables for running containers,

> see [Set environment variables](/engine/reference/commandline/run/#set-environment-variables--e---env---env-file).

Reviewer: Perhaps this section is better to describe how to configure the CLI to automatically set proxy variables for both `docker run` and `docker build`; https://docs.docker.com/network/proxy/#configure-the-docker-client

#### Network

> You can configure Docker Desktop networking to work on a virtual private network (VPN). Specify a network address translation (NAT) prefix and subnet mask to enable Internet connectivity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Docker Desktop uses a private IPv4 network for internal services such as a DNS server and an HTTP proxy. In case the choice of subnet clashes with something in your environment, specify a custom subnet using the **Network** setting.
```

> ### Docker Engine

Reviewer: Probably better for a follow up, but we should move some of this content to a common page (shared between Linux, Windows, Mac) as much of this content is generic (not different between DDM, DDW, DDL)

docker.io/molly/privateimage:latest
```

## Docker Hub

> Select **Sign in /Create Docker ID** from the Docker Desktop menu to access your [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" } account. Once logged in, you can access your Docker Hub repositories and organizations directly from the Docker Desktop menu.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select **Sign in /Create Docker ID** from the Docker Desktop menu to access your [Docker](https://hub.docker.com/){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" } account. Once logged in, you can access your Docker Hub repositories and organizations directly from the Docker Desktop menu.
```
I think it's a "Docker account" rather than "Docker Hub account"

Reviewer: ^^ looks like there's a space missing (or a space too many) around `Sign in /Create`; should either be `Sign in / Create` or `Sign in/Create` ?
